sure hello to all guys and well
found on android mod
today I present the Roma revolution
version 4 a samsung based based on
android 4.1.2 that tries to bring more
possible elements of the galaxy s 4 on the
s2 this already starting from
settings as you see are in fact
divided into four sections as in s4
in the first we have the connections in the
second device there will be a
direct connection to set it
background the classic settings for the
display and as you can see also the
multiple window or a multi window
which we will see later we could regulate
directly the multimedia volume
we will have sound settings
for calls it is a blocking mode
which will disable notifications in a
given time frame
then we will have the home screen there
will allow you to choose between the mode
basic and easy mode
settings for the lock screen
classic samsung for quick google that
soon we will see and above all
for the lockscreen feature of the
galaxy s 4 and the galaxy note 3 you have
already seen at the beginning of
review
if you want this lock screen
works correctly in that
samsung classic as protection you need
enter none with regard to
instead that of the galaxy s 4 you'll have to
enable it the live act will be present
or the light effect you have seen
at the beginning and it will be possible to insert
links to prevent it coming
automatically activated the lockscreen
stock you will have to enter as already mentioned
none and finally you can set the
status bar transparent the characters and
background
another option present and modification
of the density that will allow you to
change the dpi and there are obviously
also the classic settings like
insertion method and movement
energy saving calibration of the
gyroscope and tongue accessories
accessibility the third section is
dedicated to accounts
so we could add save and
restore
of those we have and the last
will contain the services for the position and the
security application management
the battery and the memory from you now
developer options and info on
device then all settings
classic and another feature of the
galaxy s 4 which has been inserted into
this rom and the notification menu
as you can see starting from the status
bar and making a swipe towards the
low will open the drop-down menu
classic then with the five instruments
which in this case cannot be
modified and brightness is present a
link to the settings and a
second link to the tungle menu
also this second drop-down menu
can be quickly activated with
a swipe down from the
watch regarding the tubes not
there is the possibility to customize them in
complete way
in fact going to the section
device under the heading quick to management
girls we can only choose the
links shown in the second line
then unchecking restart device e
spend device
see that they will be removed however i
links will not be rearranged but
simply this line will have 3 at
place of five same thing if any
we select more than five then
we also add bluetooth e
Data connection
and as you see they will always be added
on the same line
on the other hand in the classic drop-down menu
we will have these five connections and not
we could neither modify them black arrange them
therefore a slight malfunction for
regarding the connections
ok the default applications are
the classic ones as you can see in
this screen then archive
camera gallery calculator
etc
the only addition and superuser one thing
as for the calendar if it is
use and interest synchronization
with the google account you will have to download
from the Roma trade
a package called calendar sync
this one is a simple zip file that
will go flashed from recovery and precisely
will activate the synchronization of
default is disabled
obviously the link together with that of
rom thread I'll leave it in
description well then we go to see
the camera and the multi window
camera that of the galaxy s2
so with the classic settings that
we know the effects and the methods well
click
let's try to take a picture
make one with the flash
a couple common even without
and then we go to visualize the
result
as you can see above all
in the photo with the flash the quality is
good and the details are sharp
as you may have noticed and focus
click are fast and then the
camera is great
let's go to enable the window
multiple which also in this case is
that of the galaxy s 4 multi window that is
fully functional is compatible
with all our applications e
then together with the settings
we try to open the archive they work
both perfectly flawless
and of course we can resize it
space dedicated to one rather than
to the other exchange them of place or
view a full screen
perfect then we move on to
considerations on energy management
and on stability with regards to the
before I found myself extremely well
with the increased battery from 2000
milian person arrived around 6 pm
19 hours with four and a half hours of
screen and was a result that not
had been reaching for about two hours in 3 days
and a rather intense use for what
it's about stability I don't have
noticed big problems as I didn't
never found device crushed or
forced restarts but unfortunately the notes
they come when they talk about
fluidity about a week ago I have
posted on the facebook page the test
benchmarks of this Roma and the result
confirms the reactivity definitely not
exhilarating the score was only 2,750
when on average the samsung based yes
they hold between 3,000 and 4,000 the best
they also manage to reach 4200 4300
the applications definitely put us
too few really open up
you have to wait 20 30 seconds before
see them up and running and in
moment in which we begin to have two three
or more applications running in the background
the phone becomes almost unusable
for this I velas council there are
definitely better samsung roms
however if you want to try the two
advice
the first is to download and flash the
fashions more performance the six that I leave you
in description it will increase
significantly stability and fluidity
the second is
upload the application from the play store
there more masters to change the government
I tried them all is my advice is
to use the pegasus as it is the
perfect compromise between savings
energy and performance obviously not
expect miracles fluidity will remain
however at medium-low levels though
will improve compared to the beginning with
these measures Rome should
become usable at least for use
daily
perfect there is nothing else to say though
not that one has come out these days
new version the bild a 2014 that
should improve performance
General
I haven't tested it yet so if the
you will try let me know what it is
think
I recommend if you liked video
remember to put a nice like
share it and make the channel known
for anything do not hesitate to
contact me in the comments below
or on facebook or twitter
I leave the useful links as always in
description and therefore I greet you and you
I make an appointment at the next video
Hi everyone